Such a good facilities available, Highly innovated techniques and Doctors are performing their duty very well. Internet, sports, Gym, library, Hostels. The college is having spacious 2 lakh sq.ft. aera and 3 lakh sq.ft. area for the hospital. The institute with its well equipped laboratories and state-of-art museums is rapidly becoming centre for academic excellence and service to the people of Sangli and surrounding district , as a part of it regular camps are held and patients are treated free of charge in the hospital. The college has well organized teaching curriculum incorporating futuristic methods (like Computer Assisted Training, Integrated Seminars etc.) with clinical teaching and social dimension. With excellent and highly qualified dedicated staff and advanced equipments the college ensures training, keeping pace with the development of science. Many of the staff members have participated at national and international conferences & Seminars.Best Treatment given to everyone.... My leg was fractured. Proper first-aid wasn't provided. I shifted to some other hospital after 4 hours. Really poor. You encounter bad smell as you enter into hospital.Irresponsible staff thay dont care about patient and doctors has no co-ordination... They don't even have card swipe machine if your patient in emergency you have to run for atm......... Think twice before going there. Not good for accident patient.The students do operation under the guidance of professor.My friend Akash Munde operation they not do it properly. Never seen such a third class service and staff. The only thing I can say about this is the worst  ever hospital even the government hospitals are far better than this. Bharti hospital outside is good but not helpful patients , customer under toilet not celning very bad. Good hospital 24 hrs emergency service available. Very economic hospital. The poor service of illeterate staff and even doctors who does the mistakes and make the patient suffer. May God save to the visitors of this hospital.Bharti Hospital, Sangli. Good Hospital, Provide Good Quality Service at cheapest cost. ATM facility, Rajiv Gandhi Aavaj Yojana., Medical College, Nursing College, Boys & Girls Hostl. 24/7 Hospital service. 